SPCTR-3285 Fix: Forms - Display an error message when the confirmation type is "URL text". (#3487)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue wherein the Forms block would not work inside Containers in Astra's Custom Layout.
* Fix: Global - Removed the Block Editor Spacing setting for FSE themes.
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which masked images would get cut-off when the zoom-in hover effect was used.

> * Fix: Forms - Display an error message when the confirmation type is "URL text".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Forms - Added an error message when the confirmation type is set to "URL text".
```

Reviewer: Can we move this changelog entry as per the order in the block inserter?

Author: Done
